How big is Google.  We can answer that question in terms of revenue or stock price or customers or, well, metaphysical influence.  Google's Rachel Potvin came pretty close to an answer Monday at an engineering conference in Silicon Valley.  They drive Google Search, Google Maps, Google Docs, Google +, Google Calendar, Gmail, YouTube, and every other Google Internet service, and yet, all 2 billion lines sit in a single code repository available to all25,000 Google engineers.  Within the company, Google treats its code like an enormous operating system.  Google is an extreme case.  We're moving toward a world in which we regularly collaborate on code at a massive scale.  The flip side is that building and running a 2-billion-line monolith is no simple task.  Part of the genius of GitHub is that it lets coders so easily share and collaborate on code.  It spans millions of projects.  But according to Potvin, it works.  It's not just that all 2 billion lines of code sit inside a single system available to just about every engineer inside the company.  It's that this system gives Google engineers an unusual freedom to use and combine code from across myriad projects.  What's more, engineers can make a single code change and instantly deploy it across all Google services.  In updating one thing, they can update everything.  There are limitations this system.  Potvin says certain highly sensitive code -- stuff akin to the Google's PageRank search algorithm -- resides in separate repositories only available to specific employees.  And because they don't run on the ` net and are very different things, Google stores code for its two device operating systems -- Android and Chrome -- on separate version control systems.  As Lambert point out, building and running such a system requires not only know-how but enormous amounts of computing power.  That's some serious activity.  While the Linux open source operating spans 15 million lines of code across40,000 software files, Google engineers modify 15 million lines of code across250,000 files each week.  And because all of this is so difficult, it must actually take some of that work away from the humans.  But they are generating a lot of the data and configuration files needed to run the company's software.  `` You need to make a concerted effort to maintain code health,'' Potvin says.  And they do.  But Google and Facebook are exploring ways of changing that -- for everyone.  That may seem extreme.  But in the near future, they will.  
