As it floats up more than 15 miles into the earth's atmosphere, the probe's antennae are designed to record a wide range of radio data to be analyzed when the probe is recovered hours or days later.  The project's goal: to pioneer a new form of public, crowd-sourced data collection for tracking the communications of a secret layer of government sky machines -- drones, satellites and high-altitude planes.  `` It's about creating an interface to read the signals in the skies above us, to understand what's going on up there .  The group's DIY probe was built with three software defined radios, three antennae all listening to different parts of the radio frequency spectrum, a Gopro camera, a GPS module, temperature and pressure sensors, a SIM card for communicating with the team via SMS, and an insulated battery.  As a final touch, the team constructed the orb's shell from a pair of parabolic mirrored surveillance camera covers -- the kind used on the ceilings of retail stores and banks.  `` We thought that suited the project very nicely,'' Oliver says.  Then the probe releases a nylon parachute and floats safely back to earth.  Its first balloon flight from the eastern German city Frankfurt am Oder in August landed in a Polish field.  When they tracked down and recovered the device after a long, pre-dawn drive, they found that its power source had failed just seven minutes into the flight, cutting short its data collection.  Their second launch later the same month was more fruitful, despite a different set of problems: They released the balloon from Magdeburg, Germany, expecting that it would again land in Poland.  Since Belarus's dictatorship doesn't keep an open border with the EU, the team had to enlist the help of a friend with Belarusian contacts to rescue it.  Oliver says the group plans to create a wiki for publishing the results of any future probe launches, both those by his Critical Engineering team and anyone else who launches a stratospheric radio balloon of their own.  But they do hope they'll eventually be able to at least recognize the presence of secret sky devices talking to the ground or satellites overhead, and even possibly learn to `` fingerprint'' and distinguish them.  Oliver hopes that the Deep Sweep project might be the beginning of a new amateur community of high-altitude radio enthusiasts who monitor the radio frequencies of the skyscape the same way that Ham radio hobbyists have monitored and transmitted ground-based communications for decades.  
