The Saudi monarch, King Salman, ordered a review of the kingdom's plans for the hajj after the disaster.  Tehran accused Riyadh of failing its pilgrims after it emerged that dozens of the dead were Iranian, while some Saudi politicians appeared to push blame on to the dead themselves, with one reportedly making racist comments about African pilgrims.  `` I saw someone trip over someone in a wheelchair and several people tripping over him.  People were climbing over one another just to breathe,'' said one of the survivors, 44-year-old Egyptian Abdullah Lotfy.  Other survivors recounted being turned back from the entrance to tented camp areas as the crowd surged behind them.  `` I tried very hard to get out, I lost all my clothes, they were torn off but I didn't care and I managed to get out''.  `` Then I tried to get in one of the tented camps but I was blocked by the security forces who kept preventing anyone from entering, and that doubled the crisis .  Abdulrahman eventually collapsed into a camp area when a security guard was distracted, and resisted attempts to throw him back out.  `` I saw the civil defence there but they were very late,'' he said.  Saudi Arabia's king is also known as the Custodian of the Two Mosques, an acknowledgement of his role protecting pilgrims and the sites they visit.  The crown prince ordered an investigation into the causes of the stampede, but other officials were quick to shrug off any suggestion of official failings even before the rescue operations had finished.  `` Unfortunately, these incidents happen in a moment,'' the Associated Press quoted him as saying.  Prince Khaled al-Faisal, head of Saudi Arabia's central hajj committee, drew criticism on social media after reportedly blaming the fatal crush on `` some pilgrims with African nationalities''.  He has summoned the Saudi envoy in Tehran over the deaths.  The two countries are old enemies, whose mutual distrust is amplified by sectarian differences.  Numbers were once limited by the duration and difficulty of a trip to Mecca, but rises in income and cheaper air travel has put thepilgrimage within reach of many more Muslims worldwide.  
