So evidently it pays to prevent your team from turning into a troupe of workaholics.  `` There are no awards for being the last to leave our office in the evening,'' Sharpe explains.  `` A positive company culture that encourages staff to have enough time for their own lives outside of the office is paramount for any successful business .  He adds: `` Staff look forward to coming to work, work more efficiently, and stay longer with the company, so it's win-win .  In a sector where overwork is the norm, he says the firm consciously sought to carve a different path.  `` Many of our team come from technology backgrounds where the ethos is to work until you drop, but we're keen to encourage productivity through mental clarity -- whether that's achieved by pounding the treadmill at the gym or switching one's phone off at night, which I do, religiously,'' says Chohan.  Last week we took the team to work at the V&A museum for the afternoon.  That counteracts overworking by boosting productivity -- staying at one's desk means you have the same visual stimulation whereas changing your surroundings stimulates more creative thinking .  `` Staff should arrive at work refreshed with creative ideas, not drained from the ongoing work stream .  Jessica Steele, founder of Steele Social Media, says no business is immune from the lure of workaholism.  `` It takes a knowing leader to break the false parallel between working longer and working smarter, but select companies are catching on to new ways of working that focus on outcomes rather than hours,'' she says.  `` This also helps ensure employers are adhering to the working time directive -LRB- a minimum of 28 days pro rata annual leave per annum -RRB- .  `` BT is a good example of an organisation which recognises the pressure of work and takes steps to offset that in ways that benefit both the business and its staff,'' adds Kane.  `` For many small business owners, your working life usually intertwines with your passion so your work is actually fun ; therefore I don't limit working hours but I also don't track them -- for myself or anyone else.  My rule is to produce what you're good at, when you're good at it.  What else matters .  Staff must be reachable online or by phone during their core working hours, and can't work from home more than two days in a row.  
