An Islamic militant group in Bangladesh has issued a hitlist of secular bloggers, writers and activists around the world, saying they will be killed if its demands are not met.  The targets in the list include nine bloggers based in the UK, seven in Germany, two in the US, one in Canada and one in Sweden.  All those killed have been prominent critics of extremist religious doctrines, especially in Islam.  The acting leader of the ABT and two close associates were arrested earlier this month in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, for their involvement in the murder of a secular blogger earlier this year.  Individuals on the new list have told the Guardian they intend to keep writing and blogging.  `` Our weapon is -LSB- the -RSB- pen, and we can use it without hurting anybody.  So that nobody can use them to fulfill bad intentions,'' said Ananya Azad, a Bangladeshi blogger who has been forced into exile in Europe and is on the list.  British-based bloggers of Bangladeshi origin named on the list have approached police in London and elsewhere following its publication.  It is unclear if the ABT has the capability to carry out their threats, but its call for action may prompt individuals to mount `` lone wolf'' attacks.  The murder in February of Bangladeshi-born US citizen Avijit Roy, a science writer and blog moderator, prompted outrage around the world.  `` Cancel the Bangladeshi citizenship of enemies of Islam and -LSB- Muslim religious -RSB- education, atheists, apostates, unbelievers, anti-Islamic ... bloggers, agents of India ... otherwise they will be killed wherever they can be found in the Almighty's world,'' said the statement.  The origin of the list is unclear, and some have doubted it is an official statement from the ABT in Bangladesh, but instead compiled or published from the UK or elsewhere in the west.  `` It's shocking that Bangladesh authorities not only failed to protect the bloggers despite complaints to the police about threats against them, but instead are proposing self-censorship,'' said the spokesperson.  Those on the list say they are aware of the dangers of their activism.  `` I can't say that I am fully safe, as the fundamentalists know where I am residing.  I can't say what will happen in future, but I can give you this assurance that I will write until the end of my life .  
