Allegations that the British prime minister, David Cameron, `` put a private part of his anatomy'' into a dead pig while he was a student had broken the internet.  People who were trying to imagine Jeremy Corbyn as prime minister suddenly found their political imaginations diverted to far baser images.  But while Corbyn will struggle to live down not singing the national anthem, Cameron may yet find it easier to ride out this embarrassment.  If Cameron does get a pass this will not be an entirely bad thing.  This is not simply a social and cultural process -- a period when young people figure things out and have fun before settling down -- it's a physiological one.  And its primary driver is not hormonal -- though of course hormones have a lot to do with it.  At that age our brains are actually changing.  `` During adolescence there is an increase in the activity of the neural circuits utilising dopamine, a neurotransmitter central in creating our drive for reward.  There's really only so much maturity you can expect from someone who is not, in fact, fully mature.  Women are slut-shamed, poor kids get asbos, and poor black kids generally get locked up.  This is as true in the US as in Britain.  For example, marijuana possession in much of America remains a felony.  But if, like Cameron, you're rich, white and male, the consequences for such transgressions are likely to be minimal.  This is what privilege looks like.  `` Take a bunch of teenage boys from the whitest, safest suburb in America,'' writes Jill Leovy in Ghettoside.  Signal that no one cares, and fail to solve murders.  Unlike Bush or Cameron, for many being young and irresponsible is a luxury they can not afford.  -LRB- Far more serious than anything Cameron's accused of doing, for sure ; but then, the stakes in Baltimore and Bullingdon are different ..  I ain't been on the streets.  I've been locked up since I was 19 years old, your honor.  The government never offer me no treatment.  Ain't nobody can give me a chance to help me .  Cameron got to be prime minister.  
