`` It is now clear that current Internet security measures and the cryptography behind them will not withstand the new computational capabilities that quantum computers will bring,'' NSA spokesperson Vanee' Vines stated in an email, confirming the change.  The most promising schemes are believed to be those based on the mathematics of lattices -- multidimensional, repeating grids of points.  But last October, cryptographers at the Government Communications Headquarters -LRB- GCHQ -RRB-, Britain's electronic surveillance agency, posted an enigmatic paper online that called into question the security of some of the most efficient lattice-based schemes.  `` But at some point a red line might be crossed.  That's what happened here .  Every time you visit a website with a URL that begins `` HTTPS,'' you send or receive encrypted data.  For example, while it is easy for a computer to multiply two prime numbers to produce a larger integer, as in the calculation34,141 x81,749 =2,790,992,609, it is hard -- that is, it takes an impractically long time on a computer -- to factorize a large enough integer into its component primes.  The product of the primes serves as the `` public key,'' which is distributed publicly.  Although there was no actual proof that either prime factors or discrete logarithms were impossible to compute in a reasonable time frame, no one could find algorithms for efficiently computing them.  `` Over time, people build up confidence in the hardness of some problem because so many people have tried to think about how to break it and can not,'' said Jill Pipher, a mathematician and cryptographer at Brown University.  With existing algorithms, it takes years to compute the prime factors associated with a public key of typical length.  Two efficient public-key encryption schemes that emerged in the late 1970s remain the most widely used today: RSA -LRB- invented by Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman -RRB-, based on the prime factoring problem, and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange -LRB- invented by Whit Diffie and Hellman -RRB-, based on what's called the discrete logarithm problem.  Although there was no actual proof that either prime factors or discrete logarithms were impossible to compute in a reasonable time frame, no one could find algorithms for efficiently computing them.  `` Over time, people build up confidence in the hardness of some problem because so many people have tried to think about how to break it and can not,'' said Jill Pipher, a mathematician and cryptographer at Brown University.  With existing algorithms, it takes years to compute the prime factors associated with a public key of typical length.  That security, it turns out, came with an expiration date.  Assumptions about which math problems are hard for computers to solve shattered in 1994, when an AT&T researcher named Peter Shor revealed the theoretical decrypting power of future quantum computers.  In quantum computers, however, the information-storing units, called qubits, can exist in both the 0 and 1 states simultaneously.  Because a system of many qubits can exist in all possible combinations of all their possible individual states, the computational capacity of a quantum computer would increase exponentially with the number of qubits.  For more than a decade after quantum computing was conceived in the early 1980s, no promising algorithms emerged, and the field languished.  `` Frankly, nobody paid any attention,'' said Seth Lloyd, a quantum computing theorist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  All that changed in 1994 when Shor, who is now at MIT, devised a quantum computer algorithm capable of efficiently computing both prime factors and discrete logarithms, and thus of breaking both RSA encryption and the Diffie-Hellman key exchange.  `` We didn't know where to look for a long time,'' said Chris Peikert, a cryptographer at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta.  `` But lattices seem to be a very good foundation .  In lattice-based schemes, the private key is associated with the lattice point, and the public key is associated with the arbitrary location in space.  In the 1980s, public keys based on lattices were too long, requiring megabytes of data to transmit.  In 1995, Hoffstein, with Pipher and another Brown colleague, Joe Silverman, devised a cryptographic scheme based on `` cyclic'' lattices, which are generated by vectors that can rotate in any direction and still land on another lattice point.  Building on this work, Oded Regev, a theoretical computer scientist now at New York University's Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, proved in 2005 that crypto schemes based on a problem called learning with errors -LRB- LWE -RRB- are secure against quantum computers, as long as the problem of finding the nearest point in a generic lattice is hard for quantum computers -LRB- as most researchers presume -RRB-.  
