The company's executive committee plans to meet on Wednesday to discuss the affair and to agree the agenda of a full board meeting scheduled for Friday, amid reports that Winterkorn could be replaced.  The carmaker has recalled482,000 VW and Audi brand cars in the US after the Environmental Protection Agency -LRB- EPA -RRB- found models with Type EA 189 engines had been fitted with a device designed to reduce emissions of nitrous oxides -LRB- NOx -RRB- under testing conditions.  If they had complied with EPA standards, they would have emitted just1,039 tonnes of NOx each year in total.  Western Europe's biggest power station, Drax in the UK, emits39,000 tonnes of NOx each year.  New York and other state attorneys general are forming a group to investigate the scandal, New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman said, adding to a series of investigations in the US, Europe and Asia that threaten to sap Volkswagen's resources and impose large penalties.  Prof Martin Williams of King's College London said the US's low percentage of diesel cars meant higher diesel emissions in some cars would have a `` limited effect'' on air quality there.  `` -LSB- In the US it would be -RSB- nowhere near the effect it would have in this country and in the rest of Europe for that matter,'' he said.  In the UK, Williams added, emissions from diesel cars cause roughly5,800 premature deaths each year.  `` If you were to make the cars emit at the legal limit you could reduce those deaths by at least a factor of two and maybe more.  The Clean Air in London campaign called for a royal commission to investigate carmakers' activities in the UK.  A study in the British Medical Journal in May found that short-term exposure to NO2 increased the number of premature deaths from heart and lung disease by 0.88 % and 1.09 %.  For years, UK air pollution measurements have failed to show improvements in air quality, even as standards have tightened.  Some studies suggest the discrepancy may be up to seven times the legal limit.  In a sign that the emissions scandal will not remain restricted to the US, a Venice court will next month hear a case against VW and Fiat for misleading test advertising.  Altroconsumo wants the German car firm to pay damages of $ 502 -LRB- # 365 -RRB- to the owner of a VW Golf in a case that raises the possibility of widescale compensation payouts by the car industry.  Monique Goyens, the director of the European consumer rights umbrella group BEUC, which includes Altroconsumo, called for an investigation by the European commission into the use of software programmes to ` game' European emissions tests.  
