Clean air is a precious commodity.  A new study has found that more than three million people die prematurely due to air pollution each year.  But we do need innovators like Daan Roosegaarde to start the conversation at another level .  `` It's not only intended to be a local solution that creates clean parks or playgrounds,'' he explains.  He hopes to bring together governments, NGOs, the clean tech industry and ordinary citizens.  `` We can work together to make whole cities smog-free,'' he says.  The man behind the tower's Hoover-like cleaning filter is Bob Ursem, a nanoparticles expert at the Delft University of Technology.  In outdoor tests, the filter has cleaned the air by 60 %, measured by the share of nanoparticles removed, and in indoor environments the reduction is even more significant, he claims.  `` We've installed it in a parking garage here in the Netherlands and it sucks and cleans both the inside and outside air,'' Ursem says.  But it's not Rotterdam where the need for air filters is greatest.  According to the World Air Quality Index, most of western Europe enjoys clean air, with exceptions including London, where air quality is classified as moderate.  The air in several cities, including Delhi, has been classified as very unhealthy, indicating emergency conditions.  In the days leading up to the parade, the air quality improved, resulting in pristine blue skies for the parade, only to return to smog when the ban was lifted.  Esben Alslund-Lanthén, a researcher at the Danish sustainability thinktank Sustainia, says the filter is not a large-scale environmental solution but can be useful as an awareness-building: `` It shows how polluted our cities are, especially from energy and transportation''.  `` Whether the air filter is scalable or not depends not just on its technical viability, but on whether city governments are good at learning from each other to bring about change,'' argues Sascha Haselmayer, founder and CEO of Citymart, a firm that connects urban innovation projects with cities.  New York City, Ursem reports, has just ordered 12 street-cleaning cars featuring the air filter.  
