Contradictory accounts have emerged over the fatal shooting of an 18-year-old Palestinian student, Hadeel al-Hashlamon, by Israeli forces at a checkpoint in the West Bank city of Hebron on Tuesday morning, after she allegedly pulled a knife on the soldiers. Questions over the precise circumstances have been raised by a series of images depicting much of the lethal encounter, including whether a group of heavily armed soldiers wearing body armour acted appropriately in shooting the young woman several times. She died later from injuries, which family members say included gunshot wounds to her abdomen, despite initial claims by the Israeli military that she was shot in the legs. According to the Israeli military, Hashlamon was shot after pulling a knife on the soldiers at around 8am at the so-called Container checkpoint near the flashpoint of Shuhada Street in Hebron. `` From the preliminary review regarding this morning's incident in Hebron, the perpetrator approached the checkpoint and the metal detector was activated, alerting the troops' suspicion,'' the Israel defence forces said in a statement. `` Forces at the scene asked the perpetrator to stop, at which point she approached the forces, disregarding the instructions and raising further suspicion. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. `` The attacker attempted to stab a soldier,'' an Israeli army spokeswoman told al-Jazeera, explaining that the unidentified soldier -- who was not injured -- then opened fire. 
