One small crew of hackers is trying to pierce that stratospheric secrecy zone with a high-altitude flying -- or at least floating -- machine of their own. The three members of a socially motivated movement of technologists known as Critical Engineering have developed and begun testing an `` aerospace probe'' they call the Deep Sweep. The invention, described in their own detailed writeup, is a 1-foot-diameter acrylic orb packed with radio equipment and attached to a 8.2-foot diameter helium-filled weather balloon. As it floats up more than 15 miles into the earth's atmosphere, the probe's antennae are designed to record a wide range of radio data to be analyzed when the probe is recovered hours or days later. The project's goal: to pioneer a new form of public, crowd-sourced data collection for tracking the communications of a secret layer of government sky machines -- drones, satellites and high-altitude planes. `` The core point of the project is to build a low-cost platform for high-altitude signals intelligence for the rest of us,'' says Julian Oliver, a Berlin-based artist and hacker who launched the project along with fellow creators Bengt Sjöle and Danja Vasiliev. `` It's about creating an interface to read the signals in the skies above us, to understand what's going on up there . The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. The data from that first successful test-flight, available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here, is intended to be the start of a public, crowdsourced collection. 
