By the time the sun had risen this morning Twitter had run out of pig jokes. Allegations that the British prime minister, David Cameron, `` put a private part of his anatomy'' into a dead pig while he was a student had broken the internet. #Piggate is trending. Stories about Cameron's allegedly excessive drug-taking and general debauchery in his youth were even momentarily eclipsed. People who were trying to imagine Jeremy Corbyn as prime minister suddenly found their political imaginations diverted to far baser images. But while Corbyn will struggle to live down not singing the national anthem, Cameron may yet find it easier to ride out this embarrassment. We live in a world where proposing higher tax bands for the rich and the scrapping of an obsolete nuclear weapons system is more of an electoral and political liability to some than simulating fellatio with a dead animal. If Cameron does get a pass this will not be an entirely bad thing. Young people are supposed to be reckless. This is not simply a social and cultural process -- a period when young people figure things out and have fun before settling down -- it's a physiological one. And its primary driver is not hormonal -- though of course hormones have a lot to do with it. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. I been locked up my whole life ... they say I've been a substance abuser since I was 17. 
